> You are given the assignment to develop code for a function `tmult_ok` that
will determine whether two arguments can be multiplied without causing
overflow. Here is your solution:

```c
/* Determine whether arguments can be multiplied without overflow */
int tmult_ok(int x, int y) {
    int p = x*y;
    /* Either x is zero, or dividing p by x gives y */
    return !x || p/x == y;
}
```

> You test this code for a number of values of `x` and `y`, and it seems to
work properly. Your coworker challenges you, saying, “If I can’t use
subtraction to test whether addition has overflowed (see Problem 2.31), then
how can you use division to test whether multiplication has overflowed?”
Devise a mathematical justification of your approach, along the following
lines. First, argue that the case x = 0 is handled correctly. Otherwise,
consider w-bit numbers x (x != 0), y, p, and q, where p is the result of
performing two’s-complement multiplication on x and y, and q is the result of
dividing p by x.

1. Show that x.y, the integer product of x and y, can be written in the form
    x.y = p + t2^w , where t != 0 if and only if the computation of p
    overflows.

Starting from equations:
```
p = x *(T,w) y = x*y mod 2^w (1)
x*y = p + t*2^w
```
Substituting:
```
x*y = x*y mod 2^w + t*2^w
if |x*y| < 2^w (no overflow)
    x*y = x*y + t*2^w
    => t = 0
else x*y = x*y - a 2^w + t*2^w
    being a = quotient(x*y, 2^w)
    => t = a
```
Thus t != 0 only if x*y >= 2^w.

2. Show that p can be written in the form p = x.q + r, where |r| < |x|.

```
q = p / x
```
To solve for p, we remember that division of ints yields the quotient. To get
back `p`, we need to add the remainder `r`:
```
p = x*q + r  (2)
```
The absolute value of the remainder must always be smaller than the absolute
value of the divisor.
```
r = p mod x
|r| < |x|
```

3. Show that q = y if and only if r = t = 0.

From equation (2)
```
if q = y
p = x*y + r
```
Equating to (1)
```
x*y + r = x*y mod 2^w
if |x*y| < 2^w (no overflow)
    x*y + r = x*y
    r = 0
else if x*y >= 2^w (positive overflow)
    x*y + r = x*y - 2^w
    r = -2^w
else (negative overflow)
    x*y + r = x*y + 2^w
    r = 2^w
```

Neither of the last two cases can be. As stated in point 2:
```
|r| < |x|
```
But for a w-bit number, we also have:
```
|x| < |2^w|
```

Therefore:
```
If q == y
    => r = 0
    => t = 0 (no overflow, see point 1.)
```
