> We are running programs where values of type int are 32 bits. They are
represented in two’s complement, and they are right shifted arithmetically.
Values of type unsigned are also 32 bits.
We generate arbitrary values x and y, and convert them to unsigned values as
follows:
```c
/* Create some arbitrary values */
int x = random();
int y = random();

/* Convert to unsigned */
unsigned ux = (unsigned) x;
unsigned uy = (unsigned) y;
```

> For each of the following C expressions, you are to indicate whether or not
the expression always yields 1. If it always yields 1, describe the underlying
mathematical principles. Otherwise, give an example of arguments that make it
yield 0.

> A. (x<y) == (-x>-y)

False if x = INT_MIN and y is another number.


> B. ((x+y)<<4) + y-x == 17*y+15*x

True. Modular arithmetic forms an abelian group. Therefore expressions
`(x + y) * 16 + y - x` and `17*y + 15*x` consistently yield the same results,
even if overflow occurs.


> C. ~x+~y+1 == ~(x+y)

True.
If we add and subtract 1, we can use the equivalence `~a + 1 = -a` on both
variables
```
~x + ~y + 1 = ~x + ~y + 1 + 1 - 1
```
Reordering and grouping the terms
```
(~x + 1) + (~y + 1) - 1 = -x - y - 1 = -(x + y) - 1
```
Replacing `-(x + y)` by the identity
```
~(x + y) + 1 - 1 = ~(x + y)
```
At all points the equivalence is respected due to the use of identities
and the abelian properties of sums and subtractions of integers.

> D. (ux-uy) == -(unsigned)(y-x)

True. At the bit level, integer casting is just reinterpretation. Addition,
subtraction and negation have the same bit-level effect on both `int` and
`unsigned`.

> E. ((x >> 2) << 2) <= x

True. `x>>2` may lead to losing 1-bits that will be turned to 0-bits when the
right shift is done. If x >= 0, then the expression is true. If x < 0,
the new 0 bits will result in a more negative value after the shifts are done.
The only exception would be losing the most-significant bit 1, but for that to
happen x would have to be 2 bits long, which is never the case.
