> We are running programs on a machine where values of type int have a 32-bit
> two’s-complement representation. Values of type float use the 32-bit IEEE
> format, and values of type double use the 64-bit IEEE format. 
> We generate arbitrary integer values x, y, and z, and convert them to values
> of type double as follows:
> ```c
> /* Create some arbitrary values */ 
> int x = random(); 
> int y = random(); 
> int z = random(); 
> /* Convert to double */ 
> double dx = (double) x; 
> double dy = (double) y; 
> double dz = (double) z; 
> ```
> For each of the following C expressions, you are to indicate whether or
> not the expression always yields 1. If it always yields 1, describe the
> underlying mathematical principles. Otherwise, give an example of arguments
> that make it yield 0. Note that you cannot use an IA32 machine running gcc to
> test your answers, since it would use the 80-bit extended-precision
> representation for both float and double.

> A. (float) x == (float) dx 

True. There is no loss of precision from `float` to `double`. All the
infomation in `dx` fits into a `float`.

> B. dx - dy == (double) (x-y) 

False. If y is too small compared to x, the difference done as floats migh
be lost due to underflow. If we convert them to double first, there is a larger
range of cases were that is not the case.
Example: x = 2^25, y = 2

> C. (dx + dy) + dz == dx + (dy + dz) 

False. IEE 754 floating-point number addition is not associative. Even if
the values of the `double` variables fit in a `float`, there are still `float`s
large enough to cause underflow in additions between `double` values.
Example: x = 1.0, y = FLT_MAX, z = -FLT_MAX

> D. (dx * dy) * dz == dx * (dy * dz) 

False. In a very similar fashion to the previous point, multiplication is also
not associative. If we limit ourselves to the ranges of `float` numbers
while using `double` arithmetic, there is no way to cause an overflow in a
single multiplication, nor of causing underflow. However, rounding errors can
still cause this rule to break.
Example: dx = .1, dy = .2, dz = .7

> E. dx / dx == dz / dz

False.
Example: dx = +inf, dz = any number
